Describe how to update the reward points balance (#1306)
magento/merchdocs: src/customers/account-dashboard-reward-points.md

![]({% link images/images-ee/account-dashboard-reward-points.png %}){: .zoom}
[_Reward Points_]({% link marketing/rewards-loyalty.md %})

## Update Reward Points Balance

The rewards points balance can be updated from the admin panel.

1. On the _Admin_ sidebar, go to **Customers** > _All Customers_.

1. Find the customer in the grid and click **Edit** in the _Action_ column.

> 1. In the **Customer Information** panel, choose the **Reward Points** section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Under _Customer Information_, choose the **Reward Points** section.
```

1. Enter the number of **Update Points**:

    - To update the reward points amount, enter the number by which you want to increase your total points balance.
    - To subtract the reward points amount, enter the negative number by which you want to reduce your total points balance.

1. Enter **Comments** for the points balance updating, if needed.

    ![]({% link images/images-ee/reward-points-balance.png %}){: .zoom}
    _Reward Points Balance_

> 1. Also, the admin can subscribe a customer to **Reward Points Notifications**
> 
>     - Subscribe for Balance Updates
>     - Subscribe for Points Expiration Notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Optionally, subscribe the customer to _Reward Points Notifications_:

    - **Subscribe for Balance Updates**
    - **Subscribe for Points Expiration Notifications**
```

All actions related to reward points are displayed in the **Reward Points History** block.

|Field|Description|
|--- |--- |
|Balance|Current balance of reward points for client|
|Amount Balance|The amount of the current cash balance|
|Points|The number of added or subtracted points|
|Amount|Amount of money added or subtracted|

> |[Rate]({% link marketing/reward-exchange-rates.md %})|Reward exchange rate|

Reviewer: Better to put the link in the description

```suggestion
|Rate|[Reward exchange rate]({% link marketing/reward-exchange-rates.md %})|
```

> |Website|Website to which the reward points history assigned|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Website|Website to which the reward points history is assigned|
```

> |Reason|Reasons for awarding points:<br>**Making purchases** — every time you make a purchase you can earn points.<br>**Registering on the site** - accrued once upon registration.<br>**Subscribing to a newsletter** - accrued for the first time subscription.<br>**Sending Invitations** — Earn points by inviting your friends to join the site.<br>**Converting Invitations to Customer** — Earn points for every invitation you send out, leading to your friends registering on the site.<br>**Converting Invitations to Order** — Earn points for every invitation you send out which leads to a sale.<br>**Review Submission** — Earn points for submitting product reviews.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Reason|Reasons for awarding points:<br>**Making purchases** — Every time the customer makes a purchase they can earn points.<br>**Registering on the site** - Accrued upon registration (once).<br>**Subscribing to a newsletter** - Accrued for the first time subscription (once).<br>**Sending Invitations** — Earn points by inviting their friends to join the site.<br>**Converting Invitations to Customer** — Earn points for every invitation they send out, leading friends registering on the site.<br>**Converting Invitations to Order** — Earn points for each sale resulting from a sent invitation.<br>**Review Submission** — Earn points for submitting product reviews.|
```
